This is a brief video about the LinkedIn
feeds algorithm and how it treats link
in comments. We've started to see things
like this post. This is from Rebecca
Bastian, a friend of mine here in
Seattle. Uh, and she put up this post on
LinkedIn yesterday, Friday. You can see
that she's got the phrase link in
comments there to help enhance
engagement, right? is that she knows
that the LinkedIn feed tends to demote
uh posts that include a link and so she
puts it down here in the comments.
There's nothing necessarily wrong with
this, but I want to point out that what
we have seen time and again is LinkedIn
doing this. This is a screenshot from
the first time I saw this post, which
was in my mobile feed, right? As I'm I'm
scrolling through my phone, the LinkedIn
app, I see it this way. You can see link
in comments, but then they don't show
the comment. I would have to click show
all comments or add my own comment and
then scroll through. What we've seen is
time and again LinkedIn is doing this.
They're they're basically hiding the
link that's in the comments. They do
this on desktop as well. It's extremely
annoying. It makes it very frustrating
to try and find that link. And this is
intentional because LinkedIn wants to
keep you on LinkedIn, not going to, you
know, Rebecca's Substack or your blog.
So, how do you get over this problem?
Well, Amanda and I have been
experimenting with a bunch of stuff and
what we have seen is that two things
work really well. One is the implied
link. So, this, for example, is a video
post that I put up last week. It did
very well on LinkedIn. Got a ton of
engagement, tons of people watching it.
It does not contain a link. The comments
also do not contain a link. Did I hope
or expect that maybe somebody would link
to Alert Mouse or Seattle Ultrasonics in
the comments? Yeah, sometimes. Sometimes
I'll wait for someone to do that and
then boost their uh their comment. But
but in this case, what happened was we
could see in uh our our traffic to Alert
Mouse that in fact lots of people who
watched the video did indeed come. They
came to Alert Mouse. they set up their
own alerts. That that's success for this
video, right? That means that this video
worked and that's great. So, this is the
implied link model. Essentially, you're
talking about the thing. You expect
people who are interested to go and
actually, you know, maybe they clicked
on alert mouse and then or they searched
for it in Google or whatever it is,
right? And so then then they got to us.
Great. Fine. Obviously, it's showing me
the admin stuff instead of an actual
link. But but the other way to do it is
to actually include a link in comments
but not necessarily say so. Right? So
this was a post that I put up um maybe
at the beginning of the year and it also
did very well here on LinkedIn. And what
I did was tried to basically summarize
the piece so that you can get an
encapsulation of the article but it
creates curiosity to get more. For
example, number three here vibes not
facts rule sentiment and dictate p
perception. What what does Rand mean
when he says that? Oh, that creates
curiosity which inspires me to want to
go search it out. And then we do this.
So rather than saying link in comments
and then just including the link as the
comment, I try and write something piffy
that's going to get engagement, that's
going to get 27 likes and hahas and
celebrations and a bunch of replies as
well. And you can see that this got a
fifth of the engagement that the uh
actual post got. So I know that that
comment thread is reaching a significant
percentage of the people who are seeing
this. And the way we did this, right,
the way we do this all the time, Amanda
and I do this over and over is we'll
write something that suggests there's
going to be more in the comments but
doesn't make it explicit. And then we
write a comment that makes that um
engagement that is engagement worthy in
and of itself because we know that that
will drive LinkedIn to put it at the top
of the comments which means you won't
have this problem that you see here. The
third thing that we do which I won't
necessarily show you an example but the
third thing we do is this which is
Amanda will put the comment in my post
I'll put the comment in hers when Spark
Toro posts something. one of us will use
our own personal account to leave the
comment. It's essentially a third party
leaving the comment rather than us. And
I try and do this sometimes for friends
when I see that there's like, "Hey, link
in comment or whatever." I'll go into
your post and I will try and leave the
comment for you. That kind of thing.
You'll see Amanda sometimes post
something and then I'll say, "Hey, I
think you forgot this link." And then
I'll put it in there. those types of
higher engagement from outsiders don't
just follow the link in comments model
and they tend to do better for us. So if
you're trying to solve this problem,
this link in comments problem, these are
some solutions. I expect LinkedIn will
catch up with all of these with this
with with with this right and we'll
start to have to do even more
differentiated things in the future.
That's just the way this goes. By the
way, this same principle is true whether
we're talking about LinkedIn or threads
or even Twitter, although I think most
of the engagement there is is bots now.
Uh also true in other places, for
example, Reddit. If you can get a
comment in Reddit that includes an
external link and then lots of people
are going to engage with that positively
and not download it, your odds of
getting this type of right at the top um
comment is much higher. So, this this
practice is universal and it's important
for social media marketing if you're
still trying to get visitors to your
site.